Add `2201.3.5` release information (#6856)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: downloads/swan-lake-release-notes/swan-lake-2201.3.5/RELEASE_NOTE.md

---
layout: ballerina-left-nav-release-notes
title: 2201.3.5 (Swan Lake) 
permalink: /downloads/swan-lake-release-notes/2201-3-5/
active: 2201-3-5
redirect_from: 
    - /downloads/swan-lake-release-notes/2201-3-5
    - /downloads/swan-lake-release-notes/2201.3.5/
    - /downloads/swan-lake-release-notes/2201-3-5-swan-lake/
    - /downloads/swan-lake-release-notes/2201-3-5-swan-lake
---

## Overview of Ballerina Swan Lake 2201.3.5

> <em>Swan Lake 2201.3.5 is the fourth patch release of Ballerina 2201.3.0 (Swan Lake Update 3) and it includes a new set of bug fixes to the language and tooling.</em>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<em>Swan Lake 2201.3.5 is the fifth patch release of Ballerina 2201.3.0 (Swan Lake Update 3) and it includes a new set of bug fixes to the language and standard library.</em>
```

Author: ```suggestion
<em>Swan Lake 2201.3.5 is the fifth patch release of Ballerina 2201.3.0 (Swan Lake Update 3) and it includes a new set of bug fixes to the language, tooling, and standard library.</em>
```
Shall I add it like this as we have some fixes in the tooling as well?
